No one is born hating. 
Hate is learned. 
Share love, not lies.

Night scrollin' as mind’s closin' — 
"What you read online is fact," they say.
Fed the tunes you want to hear — 
Night after night after day.
Quick to take a popular stand — 
Heard one side — now you’re an expert.

You can believe in life after love.
Believe that children are our future.
You can believe you can fly and touch the sky.
But keep in mind — even Bitcoin has two sides.

Believe what you want — 
There’s always another view 
Before you spread fear and hate — 
Stop — [Break: 1 bar] think it through 
Behind the noise and lies
Truth remains — open the blinds
For every lie spread — 
A truth fairy dies. 

Swipe to the right, tappin' that heart — 
Hot bot you stalk said, "It’s the talk".
Shoppin' lies to the beat that moves your hips — 
Tik after Tik after Tok. 
Truth sold out like a gospel choir —
Bought the hype, now you're preaching Fyre

Believe that pain can make you a believer — 
For both Tinkerbell and Justin Bieber.
You can believe in miracles — where you from?
But keep in mind — every person can be wrong

Believe what you want — 
There’s always another view 
Before you spread fear and hate — 
Stop — [Break: 1 bar] think it through
Behind the noise and lies
Truth remains — open the blinds
For every lie spread — 
A truth fairy dies. 


When first lesson’s a lie —
Trade a tooth for a buck.
No wonder truth runs dry —
No one really gives a—[Whistle Hook]

Believe in yourself — the greatest of all
Believe you can change the world, start small
Believe in “live and let live” — 
In the miracles you can achieve
When you believe

Opa opa — hold up!

Don’t start believin’ — if you’re just holdin’ on to feelin’
Trolls see no truth, hear no truth, speak their piece— war-feedin’
Shares and posts beat sticks and stones[a]
Polarized views turn our world to Game of Thrones
Minds fed TV meals from echo-microwave
Blind hate on repeat — takes reason to the grave
So unless your words pass the truth fairy’s test
Save her — and the rest — broaden your view, not your cast 

Believe what you want
There’s always another view 
Before you spread fear and hate
Stop. 

Respect the truth fairy — it’s a thankless role
No sparkle, no wand, no Disney payroll
Her vital gift might slap — right where it hurts most
Only fair if we cut crap—before truth turns to ghost.






[a]Shares and posts beat sticks and stones
Polarized views turn our world to Game of Thrones